[doc] Add the workflow of the Auto-Pytorch (#285)
automl/Auto-PyTorch: README.md

Find the documentation [here](https://automl.github.io/Auto-PyTorch/development)

## Workflow

The rough description of the workflow of Auto-Pytorch is drawn in the following figure.

<img src="figs/apt_workflow.png" width="500">

In the figure, **Data** is provided by user and

> **Portfolio** is a predefined pool of machine learning algorithms, e.g. LightGBM and support vector machine, to solve either

Reviewer: Portfolio is a greedy portfolio built based on the paper `AutoPyTorch Tabular`. They use the approach, PoSH-Auto-Sklearn to utilize portfolios in a meta-feature free approach

regression or classification task on the provided dataset.
Then API starts the following procedures:
1. **Validate input data**: Process each data type, e.g. encoding categorical data, so that Auto-Pytorch can handled

> 2. **Create dataset**: Create a dataset that can be handled in this API including cross validation splits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Create dataset**: Create a dataset that can be handled in this API with a choice of cross validation or holdout splits
```

> 3. **Evaluate baselines**: Train each algorithm in the predefined pool with a fixed hyperparameter configuration and dummy model from `sklearn.dummy` that represents the worst possible performance

Reviewer: you can mention "Baselines is a predefined pool of machine learning algorithms, e.g. LightGBM and support vector machine, to solve either regression or classification task on the provided dataset" here.

4. **Search by [SMAC](https://github.com/automl/SMAC3)**:\
    a. Determine budget and cut-off rules by [Hyperband](https://jmlr.org/papers/volume18/16-558/16-558.pdf)\

>     b. Sample a target algorithm and the corresponding hyperparameter configuration by SMAC\

Reviewer: what do you mean by sample a target algorithm? Do you mean the Algorithm Selection? 
```suggestion
    b. Sample a pipeline hyperparameter configuration (which specifies the choice of components in each step and their corresponding hyperparameters) by SMAC\
```
